{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Team members name:\
	Jiayi Chen & Xinyi Yang\
\
B#:\
	B00766885 & B\cf2 00663702\cf0 \
\
How to run the program:\
	Run the python file in terminal or any other source-code editor\
\
Requirements for the program:\
	Python 3 installation\
\
What it is: \
	A dice rolling simulator\
\
How does it work:\
	Firstly, the user needs to make a decision of whether to roll the dice or not. If the user says yes, it will enter a while loop. If the user says no, it will terminate. If the user says anything else, it will terminate. When the user says yes, it will give a random number. And then, it will ask the user whether he or she would like to roll again. If the user's answer is yes, it will give another randomly chosen number, and the loop will run forever until the user gets a satisfying number. If the user's answer is no, it will jump out of the loop immediately and terminate. If the user's answer is anything else, again, it will jump out of the loop immediately and terminate.\
\
\cf3 Reference:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	https://www.pythoncentral.io/how-to-generate-a-random-number-in-python/\
\
Any other details\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 :\
	Thank you so much for your excellent teaching!! We enjoyed the usefulness and charm of Python in your class!\
}